hey this is presto Walker if four and
two combined to be 26 eight and one
combined to be seventy nine and six and
five combined to be 111 then what do
seven and three combined to be this
puzzle was tweeted by the co-operative
bank of Kenya which is one of Kenya's
largest banks now if you can figure this
problem I have a challenge puzzle for
you suppose you know that seven and
three combined to be Z I want you to
find a different pair of numbers x and y
that also combined to be z i posted a
similar puzzle previously and very few
people could solve this challenge
problem can you figure it out give this
problem a try and when you're ready keep
watching the video for a solution now
before I explain the solution I ask that
you please subscribe to my channel to
get my newest videos
I also ask that you check out my books
which are listed in the video
description if you like all these topics
please support me on patreon every
single amount of support helps keep this
channel going and if you have a math
topic you can email me presh at mind
your decisions comm so with that in mind
give this problem a try and then I'm
going to explain the solution so what's
the pattern in this puzzle let's do some
basic arithmetic with the numbers four
plus two is equal to six eight plus one
is equal to nine and six plus five is
equal to 11 these numbers are part of
the original puzzle now what happens if
we subtract the numbers four minus two
is equal to two eight minus one is equal
to seven and six minus five is equal to
one and these are the remaining numbers
in the puzzle so we figured out the
pattern to combine a and B
we take a minus B and then we
concatenate that with a plus B now to
reduce confusion when we combine two
numbers I'll mark the plus sign with the
red circle over it so the question is
what do 7 & 3 combined to be well 7
minus 3 is equal to 4 and 7 plus 3 is
equal to 10 so that's our answer
410 so now let's go to the challenge
problem we figured out that 7 & 3
combined to be 4/10 we now want to find
a different pair of numbers X and y that
also combine to be 410 we might try
solving this by a system of equations we
want X minus y to equal 4 and X plus y
to equal 10 but if we solve this system
of equations the only solution is x
equals 7 and y equals 3 that's the
unique solution to this set of equations
so it seems like we can't find another
solution but this is a puzzle and you
have to think creatively how can we find
another pair that equals 410 well think
about the way you can read 410 there are
actually two different ways you can read
it as 4 and a 10 or you can read it as
41 and 0 so what happens if we read it
as 41 and 0 well we get the different
set of equations we get X minus y is
equal to 41 and X plus y is equal to 0
this ends up with the solution that X is
equal to 41 over 2 and Y is equal to
negative 41 over 2 and this yields
another solution so 41 over 2 and
negative 41 over 2 will also combine to
be 410 did you figure out this puzzle
and the challenge problem thanks for
watching this video please subscribe
to my channel I make videos on math you
can catch me on my blog mind your
decisions if you like this video you can
check out my books which are listed in
the video description and you can
support me on patreon if you have a math
topic you can email me pressure
and mind your decisions icon and you can
catch around social media either mind
your decisions or a pressure Locker